this is Michelle Clark reporting live at
Lucas Oil Stadium on the i hi broadcast
network for the matchup between the Ben
Davis Giants and Warren central warriors
one of the biggest matchups in the state
of Indiana that has been going on since
1936 it has been tied 1717 since 1984 so
stakes are high with America by huge
we're here in halftime with master
sergeant Wilson why don't you tell me a
little bit about the Air Force
involvement with the rivalry series this
year you know we got 30 games nationwide
20 games last year it's a great
environment to kind of get in a not so
much or a normal recruiting role that we
normally have in high schools in the
community works what better way to do it
when you have some of the biggest rivals
in the United States going head-to-head
and these are the type of kids that
we're looking for and this is a great
great background great setting for
a lot of good football here in
Indianapolis is Lucas Oil Stadium
tonight we went to overtime folks as
Warren Central Pete in Davis 23 to 17
secure Bell has been nominated as the
most valuable player I'm grateful for
the MVP trophy but wind is gonna stick
on my friend
we're here with Lieutenant Colonel Hugh
Bank at the conclusion of the Ben Davis
Warren Central game Lieutenant Colonel
why don't you tell me a little bit about
the air force's experience at this
matchup
really an incredible game this evening
all the kids were really enthused they
were very excited to to receive the
trophies from us and from their hats and
a lot of them were very thankful that we
could partake and this evening with them
so that was just fantastic
you